Add Slack passive listening bug fix to May 2026 changelog (#498)
Promptless/docs: src/content/docs/docs/getting-started/setup-quickstart.mdx

    {
      id: 'connect-docs',
      label: 'Connect docs',

>       description: 'Connect one or more GitHub documentation repositories and review your sources before continuing.',

Reviewer: Not just documentation repositories. Users also have to select their code repositories at this step.

    {
      id: 'connect-docs',
      label: 'Connect docs',

>       description: 'Install the Promptless GitHub App and connect one or more repositories—documentation repos and code repos—reviewing your sources before continuing. This is the only required step: selecting a docs repo automatically creates your first doc collection, and you can add more doc collections at any time.',

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      description: 'Install the Promptless GitHub App and connect one or more repositories (documentation repos and source code repos). This is the only required step: selecting a docs repo automatically creates your first doc collection, and you can add more doc collections at any time.',
```

</Info>

**Documentation Platform** - Where your docs live

> - **GitHub repos**: Works with docs-as-code platforms like ReadMe, Mintlify, Fern, Docusaurus, and more. Connect multiple repositories during setup—each becomes its own doc collection. 

Reviewer: Not every repo becomes a doc collection, though they can become doc collections. Repos can also be the code or issue sources that trigger changes in doc collections.
